Ancient human civilization was far older and far more advanced than we were ever
taught in school. In fact,
we were so advanced that whoever built the great pyramid of Giza somehow knew
precisely just how big planet earth was to such a precise degree
of accuracy that we were not able to achieve until 1972,
following satellite measurements and mapping. And if you don't believe me,
I have the data to prove it. And I'll share that with you in just a moment. Now,
if you've seen my other videos on ancient human civilization or the pyramids,
I've discussed interesting facts such as that,
the great pyramid of Giza just so happens to be located at the exact
geographical center of all landmass of planet earth. But I mean,
do you think that that's a coincidence? I mean, what are the odds of that,
that the biggest and most mysterious structure in the history of mankind just so
happens to be located in the one spot on planet earth that is unique in of
itself.
I also discussed the fact that the great pyramid of Giza has eight sides.
Not for most people are not aware of this.
It's very subtle and it's only a parent at dusk and Dawn on the spring and
autumn equinoxes.
I also discussed the fact that the pyramids lack sit residue from candles and
torches. I mean,
how were they able to eliminate these structures while they were being built or
afterwards, I even use the example of the Sistine chapel,
which was built thousands of years after the pyramids of Egypt yet years and
years of restoration was required to remove centuries of residue from candles
and torches. So why on earth did the Sistine chapel require candlelight yet?
The pyramids didn't. I mean,
I even use the example and take the picture on the right of it's in Egypt,
that some people say depicts a light bulb or some sort of technical device
involving electricity. I mean,
you can see the snake and it connects to the Lotus flower,
which also connects seemingly to a cord that goes to a box. I mean,
what is this?
I also discussed the incredible shaft and tunnel system located throughout the
Giza plateau.
There are dozens of shafts that plumb it over a hundred feet down and they're
dug into solid limestone bedrock.
And these photos don't even include the horizontal shafts and tunnels that go
into the Giza plateau, which is a great mystery. I mean,
what were these used for now in my videos,
one of the things I like to discuss is the fact that ancient humans seemingly
had some sort of advanced technology to be able to cut the stone and lift them.
However many people disagree with this.
And the site's awesome examples on how primitive methods can absolutely be
utilized to cut and lift stones. For example,
you have string saws as well as bronze saws that can be utilized with sand and
water to cut through granite basalt and even court site. So,
no you do not need advanced machinery or any type of cutting systems to cut
through these hard stones. But there's a massive issue with this theory,
which is the fact that it takes so unbelievably long to cut through even just
one stone. In fact,
it's pretty interesting that most of the demonstrations that you can find videos
of don't even show the completion of these stones,
they cut a few inches into it. Give up just to prove to you that yes,
it's possible to cut through these stones,
but explain to me how string saws or bronze saws can cut the unbelievably
unique curvatures of many of these stones found throughout Egypt or how these
methods could possibly cut 90 degree angles. We're in modern times,
stonemasons need diamond bit drills in routers to do any of these angles that
you're seeing here. I mean, even take, for example,
the 100 ton stone boxes found at the CRPM in Egypt.
These boxes are more than 10 feet tall,
15 feet long in way combined total of 100 tons of piece 30
tons for the solid lid and 70 tons for the box.
But what makes it even more interesting is that their machine cut somehow to a
level of accuracy to within two, 10 thousands of an inch. I mean,
how could string size or bronze saws that utilized sand cut something so
massive? I mean,
that's one thing these boxes are humongous or the fact that they're so
unbelievably level. I mean,
can you demonstrate a string saw doing something to this level of accuracy to 10
thousands of an inch,
but that brings me to another question involving the logistics. I mean,
how can these primitive methods been utilized to do tens of millions of stone
blocks found throughout pyramids structures and in statutes throughout ancient
Egypt? I mean, there are at least 88,
0 pyramids known to exist within Egypt alone.
Most people aren't aware of that there are of course are familiar with the three
largest, the most popular, which are the pyramids of Giza,
but there are others being found all the time. I mean,
even in March of this year,
they found an entirely new pyramid buried in ruins underneath the sands of Egypt
or even the Abu rewash pyramid,
which appears to be exploded in chart and is just completely mysterious on what
the heck happened to that pyramid. But I mean,
what on earth happened to any pyramid for them to be in ruins?
Why are they finding destroyed pyramids underneath the sands of Egypt?
What on earth would it take to destroy a pyramid?
But when you take into account that the great pyramid of Giza in itself has
2.3 million stone blocks. Show me,
be finding thousands of discarded worn out, uh,
bronze saws throughout Egypt. Yet we've only found what a few, several effects.
So these primitive methods don't stack up. Yes,
it's possible to cut through these stones with these primitive methods,
but it doesn't compute if we're being told that ancient human civilization and
the first pyramids were built approximately 4,200 years ago,
if every single person alive at that time was working on this,
they would still be working to complete all of these tens of millions of stone
blocks found throughout Egypt. And they're still finding new ones all the time.
Now let me touch on the issue of lifting these stones.
Now I have seen other primitive methods, which are incredible by the way, take,
for example, Wally from Michigan,
you can see this video where he lifts a 20 ton stone block all by himself.
It's incredible,
but explain to me and let me cite the example of the massive 1000 ton stones
of ball back in Lebanon, located near the temple of Jupiter. I mean,
how on earth do they move a 1000 ton stone block over a
half mile uphill? How on earth did they do that?
And not to mention the three blocks that they lifted up over 30 feet up and
placed on top of other stones. I mean, yeah, sure.
People can lift individual stones,
but how do you drag a thousand ton stone uphill? I mean,
that really raises some serious questions,
but let me go back to Egypt and use the example of the Syrian. I mean,
you have 60 to 70 ton stone blocks at peace that are more than 10 feet
tall. I mean,
these pictures do not do it justice because if you had a person standing next to
them, you'd see just how massive these stone blocks are.
How in the world did he lift these stone blocks on top of these other ones,
not to mention how did they cut and carve these stone blocks?
Do you really think that something so big was done with a bronze saw or a string
sauce? I mean, honestly it doesn't.
How long would it take to do just one stone block, nevermind lifting it,
but then may keep going. Just the incredible knowledge,
the mathematical formulas and equations that are necessary to build a pyramid is
unbelievable. I mean,
pyramids of themselves are kind of like a puzzle and that they have tunnel
systems, air, shafts, and chambers within them. So it's one big, massive puzzle.
Now let me get back to my original point from the opening of this video,
which is that whoever built these pyramids and design them somehow knew
precisely the exact measurements of planet earth and the great pyramid of Giza
is an exact replica based on ratio to the Northern hemisphere down
to a ratio of 43,200.
Now keep that number 4, 3, 2 in mind, as we get going.
Now I'm signing the works of Randall Carlson from his video series that you can
find on YouTube, which is cosmic patterns and cycles of catastrophe.
You have to check this out. I'm only going to touch on it briefly,
and I'm about to leave out so many more important aspects and information that
will completely sell you on what I'm trying to explain here.
But he takes measurements done through several sources of the pyramid alone and
even takes into account that the fact that the great pyramid of Giza had
144,000 casing stones on it before it was destroyed,
somehow were taken apart.
But then he takes measurements of the planet earth dating back from the 1830s
till today. And somehow these measurements of planet earth take for example,
1972 with satellite napping and measurements conducted all equate to a ratio of
43,200 to one. Let me give you a little bit more information,
so you can see how this all fits together. So you have the sun,
which has a diameter of 864,000 or a radius of
432,000. And then you have the moon,
which has a diameter of 2,160,
or the radius being 1080.
But if you were to divide the average distance of the sun from the earth about
93 million miles by the diameter of the sun, 864,000,
it would equal 1 0 8 just as if you were to take the average distance of the
moon to the earth, which is approximately 233,000,
divide that by its diameter, you also equal 108.
Now take that number 1 0 8, which has seen throughout human civilization.
I mean, just one example would be the 108 towers found in Cambodia.
And you'll also find the number 108 found throughout the Hindu religion and
other sources as well.
Now I mentioned that the pyramid of Giza had 144,000 casing stones. Well,
144,000 minutes exist in one day 86,400
seconds exists in a day.
And in a half day you have 43,200 seconds in a day.
Now take those numbers 1 44 or the 8, 6, 4,
which is just one decimal short of being the diameter of the sun.
But let's look at the 43,200 seconds and a half day throughout ancient human
civilization. There's a huge focus on as above so below. Well,
if you take the octahedron,
which is essentially two pyramids stacked on top of each other,
with the pointy ends going opposite direction,
the angles combined equal 1,440.
Think about that. There's 1,440 minutes in a day. So if you take the octahedron,
you have 1,440 degrees of angle. Now, the,
one of the things that I mentioned earlier is the fact that the great pyramid of
Giza in this ratio of 43,200,
that I'm referring to even takes into account.
The fact that the earth is wider around the equator than it is around the poles.
And when you have the great pyramid of Giza,
essentially equating to a ratio of 43,200, well again,
43,200 is how many seconds there are in a half day.
So half the earth.
And it just so happens that the exact measurements create a perfect ratio of
43,200. Is this really just a coincidence? I mean, the number 4,
3 2 was found through numerous other sources of ancient human civilization,
whether it be in Hindu texts, whether it's be the Arvida or the,
even the [inaudible] and Sumerian king God's equal a total years of
432,000, or even the Kali yoga 430,
2000 or the Mahu Hugo's, which he goes 4 billion, 320,000.
There's that number 4, 3, 2, which by the way,
is incredibly close to the estimated age of the earth being approximately four
and a half billion years. And look at the number 43 to used in modern times.
I mean, if you look in the back of the $1 bill, which for some reason,
of course has this pyramid, what has 13 levels of pyramid block stacks on it?
Well, if you times that by 33.3,
which is a favorite number of masons that just so happens to equal 4, 3, 2,
we also find the number 4, 3, 2 in harmonic frequencies,
dating back all the way to the Sumerians. Anyways, guys,
I got to close this up cause it's getting long,
but take into account everything that I've covered here,
whether it be the location of the pyramid or the fact this number 4, 3,
2 just ties into everything from our clock to various sources throughout ancient
human civilization. You have to start asking some real serious questions here.
I,
for one absolute do not believe that this is within the realm of a coincidence.
In fact,
it's evidence that there was a advanced ancient human civilization that dates
back before the last cataclysm,
which of course I have several videos on already. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy.
This is bright insight like and subscribe and leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics. Take care,
everybody.